Question 1
Which of the following statements is true about our use of npm and chmod before executing ./market-research.js?
We need to both install necessary libraries and make the file executable before executing it.
Question 2
After looking at the source of market-research.js, what variable holds the arguments sent to the script when invoked at the command line?
process.argv
Question 3
What do the lines like symbols = symbols || SYMBOLS_DEFAULT; do?
This is a JS idiom for setting default arguments.
Question 4
Which of the following are standard node modules, included with the default install?
util fs
Question 5
What is the most likely bug in the marketCapFloat function?
The function currently assumes dollar values in the billions.
Question 6
What does csv2console do?
Reads in data from csvfile, computes and formats derived quantities, and prints these out to STDOUT.
Question 7
What does buildfn do? (Hint: read this and this if you've never heard of closures.)
Creates and returns a function named response2console, which is parametrized with the values of csvfile and headers from the enclosing scope.
Question 8
What does the marketResearch function do?
Constructs a Yahoo Finance API call, and invokes code that first writes the results of that API call to disk and then reads/prints/processes said file
Question 9
What does the if(require.main == module) conditional do? Check all that apply. (Hint: see here and here (halfway down the page) if you can't figure it out from context).
Parse the stock symbols input at the command line, starting with the process.argv variable and producing the symbols variable. 
Triggers two different blocks of code, one that executes when market-research is invoked from the command line and one that executes when invoked as a module via require.	
Question 10
Why do we use console.error in addition to console.log (Hint: see here)?
console.error prints to STDERR, while console.log prints to STDOUT. This allows us to print both metadata/error messages and actual output at the same time.
